plugins/cordova-plugin-statusbar/README.md, before:

<!---
# license: Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
#         or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
#         distributed with this work for additional information
#         regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
#         to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
#         "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
#         with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#           http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
#         Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
#         software distributed under the License is distributed on an
#         "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
#         KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
#         specific language governing permissions and limitations
#         under the License.
-->

# cordova-plugin-statusbar

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/apache/cordova-plugin-statusbar.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/apache/cordova-plugin-statusbar)

StatusBar
======

> The `StatusBar` object provides some functions to customize the iOS and Android StatusBar.


## Installation

    cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-statusbar

Preferences
-----------

#### config.xml

-  __StatusBarOverlaysWebView__ (boolean, defaults to true). On iOS 7, make the statusbar overlay or not overlay the WebView at startup.

        <preference name="StatusBarOverlaysWebView" value="true" />

- __StatusBarBackgroundColor__ (color hex string, defaults to #000000). On iOS 7 and Android 5, set the background color of the statusbar by a hex string (#RRGGBB) at startup.

        <preference name="StatusBarBackgroundColor" value="#000000" />

- __StatusBarStyle__ (status bar style, defaults to lightcontent). On iOS 7, set the status bar style. Available options default, lightcontent, blacktranslucent, blackopaque.

        <preference name="StatusBarStyle" value="lightcontent" />

### Android Quirks
The Android 5+ guidelines specify using a different color for the statusbar than your main app color (unlike the uniform statusbar color of many iOS 7+ apps), so you may want to set the statusbar color at runtime instead via `StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString` or `StatusBar.backgroundColorByName`. One way to do that would be:
```js
if (cordova.platformId == 'android') {
    StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString("#333");
}
```

Hiding at startup
-----------

During runtime you can use the StatusBar.hide function below, but if you want the StatusBar to be hidden at app startup, you must modify your app's Info.plist file.

Add/edit these two attributes if not present. Set **"Status bar is initially hidden"** to **"YES"** and set **"View controller-based status bar appearance"** to **"NO"**. If you edit it manually without Xcode, the keys and values are:


	<key>UIStatusBarHidden</key>
	<true/>
	<key>UIViewControllerBasedStatusBarAppearance</key>
	<false/>


Methods
-------
This plugin defines global `StatusBar` object.

Although in the global scope, it is not available until after the `deviceready` event.

    document.addEventListener("deviceready", onDeviceReady, false);
    function onDeviceReady() {
        console.log(StatusBar);
    }

- StatusBar.overlaysWebView
- StatusBar.styleDefault
- StatusBar.styleLightContent
- StatusBar.styleBlackTranslucent
- StatusBar.styleBlackOpaque
- StatusBar.backgroundColorByName
- StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString
- StatusBar.hide
- StatusBar.show

Properties
--------

- StatusBar.isVisible

Permissions
-----------

#### config.xml

            <feature name="StatusBar">
                <param name="ios-package" value="CDVStatusBar" onload="true" />
            </feature>

StatusBar.overlaysWebView
=================

On iOS 7, make the statusbar overlay or not overlay the WebView.

    StatusBar.overlaysWebView(true);

Description
-----------

On iOS 7, set to false to make the statusbar appear like iOS 6. Set the style and background color to suit using the other functions.


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS

Quick Example
-------------

    StatusBar.overlaysWebView(true);
    StatusBar.overlaysWebView(false);

StatusBar.styleDefault
=================

Use the default statusbar (dark text, for light backgrounds).

    StatusBar.styleDefault();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.styleLightContent
=================

Use the lightContent statusbar (light text, for dark backgrounds).

    StatusBar.styleLightContent();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.styleBlackTranslucent
=================

Use the blackTranslucent statusbar (light text, for dark backgrounds).

    StatusBar.styleBlackTranslucent();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.styleBlackOpaque
=================

Use the blackOpaque statusbar (light text, for dark backgrounds).

    StatusBar.styleBlackOpaque();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1


StatusBar.backgroundColorByName
=================

On iOS 7, when you set StatusBar.statusBarOverlaysWebView to false, you can set the background color of the statusbar by color name.

    StatusBar.backgroundColorByName("red");

Supported color names are:

    black, darkGray, lightGray, white, gray, red, green, blue, cyan, yellow, magenta, orange, purple, brown


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Android 5+
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString
=================

Sets the background color of the statusbar by a hex string.

    StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString("#C0C0C0");

CSS shorthand properties are also supported.

    StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString("#333"); // => #333333
    StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString("#FAB"); // => #FFAABB

On iOS 7, when you set StatusBar.statusBarOverlaysWebView to false, you can set the background color of the statusbar by a hex string (#RRGGBB).

On WP7 and WP8 you can also specify values as #AARRGGBB, where AA is an alpha value

Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Android 5+
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.hide
=================

Hide the statusbar.

    StatusBar.hide();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Android
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.show
=================

Shows the statusbar.

    StatusBar.show();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Android
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1


StatusBar.isVisible
=================

Read this property to see if the statusbar is visible or not.

    if (StatusBar.isVisible) {
    	// do something
    }


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Android
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

Commit message:

Android login finally works! Debug issue: needed to change cordova.js and update hash key.

plugins/cordova-plugin-statusbar/README.md, after:

<!---
# license: Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
#         or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
#         distributed with this work for additional information
#         regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
#         to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
#         "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
#         with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#           http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
#         Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
#         software distributed under the License is distributed on an
#         "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
#         KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
#         specific language governing permissions and limitations
#         under the License.
-->

# cordova-plugin-statusbar

StatusBar
======

> The `StatusBar` object provides some functions to customize the iOS and Android StatusBar.

:warning: Report issues on the [Apache Cordova issue tracker](https://issues.apache.org/jira/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20CB%20AND%20status%20in%20%28Open%2C%20%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20Reopened%29%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20AND%20component%20%3D%20%22Plugin%20Statusbar%22%20ORDER%20BY%20priority%20DESC%2C%20summary%20ASC%2C%20updatedDate%20DESC)


## Installation

This installation method requires cordova 5.0+

    cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-statusbar
Older versions of cordova can still install via the __deprecated__ id

    cordova plugin add org.apache.cordova.statusbar
It is also possible to install via repo url directly ( unstable )

    cordova plugin add https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-statusbar.git


Preferences
-----------

#### config.xml

-  __StatusBarOverlaysWebView__ (boolean, defaults to true). On iOS 7, make the statusbar overlay or not overlay the WebView at startup.

        <preference name="StatusBarOverlaysWebView" value="true" />

- __StatusBarBackgroundColor__ (color hex string, no default value). On iOS 7, set the background color of the statusbar by a hex string (#RRGGBB) at startup. If this value is not set, the background color will be transparent.

        <preference name="StatusBarBackgroundColor" value="#000000" />

- __StatusBarStyle__ (status bar style, defaults to lightcontent). On iOS 7, set the status bar style. Available options default, lightcontent, blacktranslucent, blackopaque.

        <preference name="StatusBarStyle" value="lightcontent" />

### Android Quirks
The Android 5+ guidelines specify using a different color for the statusbar than your main app color (unlike the uniform statusbar color of many iOS 7+ apps), so you may want to set the statusbar color at runtime instead via `StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString` or `StatusBar.backgroundColorByName`. One way to do that would be:
```js
if (cordova.platformId == 'android') {
    StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString("#333");
}
```

Hiding at startup
-----------

During runtime you can use the StatusBar.hide function below, but if you want the StatusBar to be hidden at app startup, you must modify your app's Info.plist file.

Add/edit these two attributes if not present. Set **"Status bar is initially hidden"** to **"YES"** and set **"View controller-based status bar appearance"** to **"NO"**. If you edit it manually without Xcode, the keys and values are:


	<key>UIStatusBarHidden</key>
	<true/>
	<key>UIViewControllerBasedStatusBarAppearance</key>
	<false/>


Methods
-------
This plugin defines global `StatusBar` object.

Although in the global scope, it is not available until after the `deviceready` event.

    document.addEventListener("deviceready", onDeviceReady, false);
    function onDeviceReady() {
        console.log(StatusBar);
    }

- StatusBar.overlaysWebView
- StatusBar.styleDefault
- StatusBar.styleLightContent
- StatusBar.styleBlackTranslucent
- StatusBar.styleBlackOpaque
- StatusBar.backgroundColorByName
- StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString
- StatusBar.hide
- StatusBar.show

Properties
--------

- StatusBar.isVisible

Permissions
-----------

#### config.xml

            <feature name="StatusBar">
                <param name="ios-package" value="CDVStatusBar" onload="true" />
            </feature>

StatusBar.overlaysWebView
=================

On iOS 7, make the statusbar overlay or not overlay the WebView.

    StatusBar.overlaysWebView(true);

Description
-----------

On iOS 7, set to false to make the statusbar appear like iOS 6. Set the style and background color to suit using the other functions.


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS

Quick Example
-------------

    StatusBar.overlaysWebView(true);
    StatusBar.overlaysWebView(false);

StatusBar.styleDefault
=================

Use the default statusbar (dark text, for light backgrounds).

    StatusBar.styleDefault();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.styleLightContent
=================

Use the lightContent statusbar (light text, for dark backgrounds).

    StatusBar.styleLightContent();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.styleBlackTranslucent
=================

Use the blackTranslucent statusbar (light text, for dark backgrounds).

    StatusBar.styleBlackTranslucent();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.styleBlackOpaque
=================

Use the blackOpaque statusbar (light text, for dark backgrounds).

    StatusBar.styleBlackOpaque();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1


StatusBar.backgroundColorByName
=================

On iOS 7, when you set StatusBar.statusBarOverlaysWebView to false, you can set the background color of the statusbar by color name.

    StatusBar.backgroundColorByName("red");

Supported color names are:

    black, darkGray, lightGray, white, gray, red, green, blue, cyan, yellow, magenta, orange, purple, brown


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Android 5+
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString
=================

Sets the background color of the statusbar by a hex string.

    StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString("#C0C0C0");

CSS shorthand properties are also supported.

    StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString("#333"); // => #333333
    StatusBar.backgroundColorByHexString("#FAB"); // => #FFAABB

On iOS 7, when you set StatusBar.statusBarOverlaysWebView to false, you can set the background color of the statusbar by a hex string (#RRGGBB).

On WP7 and WP8 you can also specify values as #AARRGGBB, where AA is an alpha value

Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Android 5+
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.hide
=================

Hide the statusbar.

    StatusBar.hide();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Android
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1

StatusBar.show
=================

Shows the statusbar.

    StatusBar.show();


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Android
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1


StatusBar.isVisible
=================

Read this property to see if the statusbar is visible or not.

    if (StatusBar.isVisible) {
    	// do something
    }


Supported Platforms
-------------------

- iOS
- Android
- Windows Phone 7
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows Phone 8.1
